issue #3834 removed references to Db2 in documentation (#3835)
LinuxForHealth/FHIR: docs/src/pages/guides/FHIRServerUsersGuide.md

### 4.10.3 Integration Testing

> To integration test, there are tests in `ExportOperationTest.java` in `fhir-server-test` module with server integration test cases for system, patient and group export. Further, there are tests in `ImportOperationTest.java` in `fhir-server-test` module. These tests rely on the `fhir-server-config-postgres.json` which specifies two storageProviders.

Author: Need to update this because it no longer reflects the fhir-server-test behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are tests in the `fhir-server-test` module for system, patient and group export. These tests rely on fhir-server-config files that currently exist under `fhir-server-webapp/src/test/liberty`.
```

Reviewer: new text looks good
